So now you really learn a lot about the base and takes off Eyler.
One important thing is missing though one thing that if you know or one really made English one popular
how to add two way data binding and therefore how you can easily fetch de-value user entered into an
input field.
Let's say we have just like in your examples and put below our list here type text maybe.
And I want to allow the user to enter a message here and then output that message below the input.
First of all I'll create a new property here I'll name it message and it's a empty string by default.
Again I could explicitly make this a string but typescript was able to infer this since I assign the
empty string.
Now I want to output this message here in the paragraph and I want to set this message was typing in
this import field.
Now how can we do that in future.
Yes we used the model for that in angular.
It's kind of similar.
We have Engy model here and that sets up two way binding which means we react to every keystroke we
react to event.
But at the same time we update the value of the input with the value the user entered.
I realize you would hit the problem we saw in the re-act example where we can type but we don't actually
change the input the model doesn't work like this though since we also passed data to the value of the
input we need to wrap it in square brackets.
But remember we also listen to the event to the keystroke event to the input event the user emits with
every keystroke.
So we also have to add parentheses so we have this mixed syntax and that's a special case for Engy mall
here which simply is there to allow you to implement to wear binding.
So you don't mix the square brackets in parentheses in every case.
But here we need to do that.
That's just how Engy model of works.
Now we can assign a reference to the property we want to store the value in and that would be message.
So that is where we store the value we enter.
But of course it's also a data source for the input.
So which is output there just to make sure that we have the two way binding as mentioned.
Now with that in place it should already work.
One important note though Engy model is a directive made available by the form's module.
So you need to have this important year to make it work.
If you didn't have that.
So if you would have that code you would get an error.
So make sure that you indeed do have forms module here.
Now with that let's save this and let's have a look at our running application.
And if I now start typing here you'll see it updates below it and therefore we successfully can read
what the user and dressier time to practice all these things.